I am not using Tatum at all.
My platform uses ONLY NOWPayments for deposits and withdrawals.
So ANYTHING in the code related to Tatum must be removed.

Now here is my issue:

❗️ WITHDRAWAL ERROR – I NEED THE EXACT REASON

When I try to withdraw, I get this:

Withdrawal failed: Authentication failed: Request failed with status code 403.
Your balance has been restored.


I need you to identify the exact reason why withdrawals are failing.

You previously told me to check NOWPayments email/password login, but:

👉 I do NOT want to use email/password authentication.
👉 NOWPayments requires email confirmation when you log in — so this can NEVER work for automatic withdrawals.
👉 My backend MUST use the correct NOWPayments API method (via API Key), NOT email login.

NOWPayments documentation says that API withdrawals must authenticate using:

API Key

X-API-KEY header

OR payout API authorization tokens

Never with email + password.

So here is what I need you to do:

🟢 WHAT I NEED YOU TO FIX
1️⃣ Remove email/password authentication completely

The code must NOT authenticate with NOWPayments using:

NOWPAYMENTS_EMAIL
NOWPAYMENTS_PASSWORD


This method will always fail (requires email approval).

2️⃣ Replace it with proper NOWPayments API authentication

Withdrawals must use something like:

headers: { "x-api-key": process.env.NOWPAYMENTS_API_KEY }


or

Authorization: Bearer <generated_token>


Depending on NOWPayments payout API.

3️⃣ Rewrite the withdrawal request to match NOWPayments API

The withdrawal payload must follow NOWPayments requirements, for example:

POST https://api.nowpayments.io/v1/payout

{
  "address": "user TRC20 address",
  "amount": 10,
  "currency": "USDTTRC20"
}


Check the NOWPayments documentation and fix my withdrawal route accordingly.

4️⃣ Check if withdrawals table exists in Supabase

You previously said the error:

Failed to create withdrawal request


can also happen if the withdrawals table does NOT exist.

Please verify:

the table exists in Supabase

the schema is correct

the insert code matches the columns

5️⃣ After fixing everything, test withdrawals again

Make sure:

✔ Withdrawal record is created
✔ NOWPayments payout request succeeds
✔ User balance updates correctly
✔ No 403 errors
✔ Withdrawal actually sends to my crypto wallet automatically

🟢 IMPORTANT

I want fully automatic withdrawals using NOWPayments only.

If any part of the code still references Tatum, remove it completely.

Send the logs to me after the fixes are done.