Please fully check and fix the mining cron job.
The cronjob is not running, even though the endpoint and logic exist.

I need you to verify the entire cron job system step-by-step:

1️⃣ Confirm cron endpoint

Check that this endpoint works correctly when called manually:

POST /api/mining/process-daily-earnings
Header: x-cron-secret: CRON_SECRET


Please test this endpoint manually and confirm:

Mining earnings are created

Referral earnings are created

Earnings transactions are inserted into database

Wallet balances increase

Activity feed shows “Mining Reward”

cron_logs table records an entry

2️⃣ Verify CRON_SECRET

Check that:

The CRON_SECRET in Replit environment variables matches

The cron endpoint is checking the correct header

The header name is correct (x-cron-secret)

3️⃣ Check external cron service

Verify that the external cron service is correctly configured:

What service is currently calling this endpoint? (EasyCron, UptimeRobot, etc.)

Is the cron calling the correct URL?

Is the HTTP method correct (POST)?

Is the x-cron-secret header included?

Are there any errors in the cron service logs?

4️⃣ Check server logs at the scheduled time

Look at logs around the scheduled time (21:00 UTC):

Does the cron request reach the server?

Does it show an authentication failure (wrong secret)?

Does it show database errors?

Does it show success but not save data?

5️⃣ Test fallback cron

Add temporary logging inside the cron function to confirm whether the function runs:

Log items:

“CRON CALLED”

datetime

number of active packages

number of processed users

final result

This will confirm if the function is being triggered at all.

6️⃣ Validate database inserts

Check these tables:

earnings_transactions

referral_bonus_transactions

cron_logs

Confirm the cron is inserting rows.
If not, investigate why.

7️⃣ Fix final cron activation

If the cron service is misconfigured or not calling the endpoint, fix it and confirm:

The cron job triggers once per day at 21:00 UTC

All mining earnings are recorded

All referral earnings are recorded

Activity feed updates correctly

Today’s earnings update correctly

🔥 My main requirement

Please restore the mining system to full production readiness.
Mining must run once every 24 hours at 21:00 UTC and update balances + activity reliably.

Let me know exactly what you find and what was fixed.